this is a file. That I am writing apparently. Here is some stuff:
ZLTHV YGLCY RNFHE RFVAT REVFG NLYBE FJVSG

An instructor first logs in, then selects the option
to create a test ABC for course 123.  For this test ABC, the instructor
decides to have 10 problems.  The first problem is a new multiple
choice problem, the instructor enters it.  For the second problem,
the instructor decides to reuse an existing problem. So the
instructor must search the test database to find course 123, then test XYZ,
choose problem 3, modify it a little, and make it the second problem.
The instructor proceeds similarly, until all ten problems are created,
and stores the test ABC in the test database.

Searching for that perfect drink:
Barney loves to drink scotch and tequila. When he goes out and orders a 
drink, he first logs in, then he creates a new review for the drink. In 
the review he adds what drink, where he got it, and a rating for the drink. 
He can add any additional comments he desires. Once he is satisfied with 
his review, he submits it. His review then appears on his personal feed, 
as well as the feed of his friends. Any time he wishes to see his own review,
he can look at his personal profile and find it.

Trying to find the right drink:
Rachel loves wine, however, she has just begun delving into the world of wine.
When she goes out and wants to figure out what wine to order, she pulls up 
the program and logs in. She can then search the restaurant or bar she's at
for their winelist and browse through the wines and the reviews other people 
have posted about the wine. She then uses these reviews to pick which wine 
she wants to try. Once she orders and receives her drink, she then adds a 
review for that drink, to help other users pick their wine.

Setting the drinklist:
Ted is a bar owner who wants to bring in more people. He logs into the system 
and pulls the trends from the bars in the area. The system notes a high 
number of Long Island Iced Teas are being ordered on Wednesday at multiple 
venues. Ted decides he is going to put a special on Long Island Iced Teas for 
Happy Hour on Wednesday. He navigates over to his bar's page and updates the 
drink and special list. Ted knows this could put his bar on the map, so he 
even opts in to some advertising from DrinkUp to promote his new drink 
special so customers will know that he created a new special.




ZLTHV YGLCY RNFHE RFVAT REVFG NLYBE FJVSG